Hear what is up guys and walk marks are now in this video I'm going to show you that how can you work
for the shop if you just go to shop page right now and you're going to see that we cannot edit this
page down how can we ended this.
You can see there is nothing that says that that visual builder or editor page or anything we cannot
and it did.
How can we edited man.
How can we edited.
I'm going to show you how can you do that.
First of all what you have to do is that you need a plug in and that saves a few multi layout.
OK you have to just go to at any rate here.
And I think we have to basically install a layout for that so I'm just going to go to Vuh multi
lecture.
We're just going to just add all multi I only hope this is the plug in.
It's been like a month where more than month I haven't used that plug so related products were multi
Yeah this is the one product might be labeled light.
This is the one that we have to work right now.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit install right now and that should be installed.
I'm just going to go ahead then and I'm going to activate this so let's just activate.
And so this will be activated so
this is right here.
OK.
I want to go to the settings right now and then we can see that the shop page is now currently disabled.
OK redirect redirect commers shop page to display product page for commerce.
If someone goes to our shop page then we want to redirect him to another page.
So if I just go to the ShopRite Now OK I just go to you right now.
And then you can see that this is how it is looking.
So what I want to do if someone comes to my shop page that he should be redirected to another page and
that would be the product page itself so I'm just going to go to the all pages and I'm going to create
a new page.
Ok I have to do this in the new.
I have to open up again.
So let's just create a new product and that will be the shop.
OK.
And this we're going to name it as products.
The product.
So here we want to go ahead and we want to publish this so you can see this should be published.
It just takes some time and it will be done.
You can see this is right here.
I'm going to change the link of this from shop dasht due to product.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to head product OK.
I'm products and I'm going to hit.
OK.
So if someone comes to my shop page then you would be automatically redirected to the product.
So that's what I'm saying.
If I just go to settings right now.
OK I have to open this up in a new way.
But no problem.
OK so if someone opens up my shop page then he should be redirected to the products.
That is that should be ok.
I have to refresh this
I should be having that thing that part of it.
This is the show page.
So if someone comes to my shop page then he should be redirected to my shop.
OK well let's just go ahead and let's refresh this I hope it invites
that is redirecting me to Shaab dash to what does the show does do they just created a new page and
that was the product.
So if I just go to this right now and I just sit at it then you can see it should be shot.
Datcha OK so it is Shabd that still we haven't edited this.
I have to change this to products OK.
And then I have to hit OK.
OK.
This is done and now I'm going to update.
I hope this is done.
OK.
This is done right now.
And now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to visit my shop.
So on visiting my shop page you will see that if anyone goes to my shop page you will be automatically
redirected to my product spates.
So you can see this is redirected to my products.
And now I'm going to design this page with visual builder.
This is how it's going to work.
OK.
You have to just drop this plug in multi multi-layer out and then you have to just check that.
So if someone goes to your shop baggage then you should be automatically redirected to the products.
This is the link.
OK.
So we have two pages that we have right now.
We have the shop and the shop.
OK this one and this one but this one permalink is totally different in this one the is the default
commers plug in that we can not edit.
C'mon we want to edit it.
So that is why I just switched to this plug in.
I know what it might be so confusing to you.
Let me explain that to you again if we just disable this plug in and then we go to shop Bache you will
see that Freeville open this will open up a normal shop that is fully created by Vuh commerce and we
cannot be edited.
OK.
I want to edit it.
What I do.
I will just install this.
Multi-layer out plug in so that if someone goes to this page he will be redirected to another page.
And then here I can design this page with Vuh commerce using this visual builder.
OK.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to design this Fisher builder.
But first I have to just go to multi-legged and I'm going to add new layouts.
Then I can just let it be that I can also add a slider here I can add an image mean sure that's going
to tell me that.
Welcome to our shop.
And we welcome you or something like that so you can see this is how we have every now and this will
be my mean shop page layout.
OK.
So what I'm going to do right now make sure that this is selected.
So we have three right here and is going to select the create one.
OK.
And then we have the primary color.
This is like box list table columns background color.
So primary color Hulver border color and border color and everything so you can see this a select product.
It is going to select all the product.
You can also select the product from there.
OK.
Like you can select seat feature product sale products or everything.
I'm going to select all the products.
So we have two options to basically work for this.
I'm just going to show you both methods that how can you design this show page.
The first one is this and the other one is using the DV builder.
I'm going to show you both D'Amato is doing very you.
OK.
And then we have the borders.
So this is the border sais we have the number of columns so I want basically four columns.
OK suppose number of columns tablet.
So on tablet it would show two columns in number of columns on mobile patrol one column front and order
by filter.
Ok so this will be enable front page anation would also be enabled.
And then we have select product product query options or pay.
So this will be all product all product all tags stock would be all data range would be all and everything.
And now here I can just work with this.
So basically we have the product image here to product image would be effect it would be zoom in.
So how this will work is that if I bring my mouse over there then the image would be zoomed OK and the
image size is going to be
the medium medium size should be the image.
Okay like 300 by 300 and then we have the product ideal.
So product title would be text.
Ok the font family would be like open translation shoes.
Okay.
And then we have the font size right here.
We have the color the color and then we have the product price.
So product prices here at two card is here and we also have to add two cards and so on we have this
right here this classes that we can use so this is the background color I think I do know why I cannot
see it and it is going to go ahead.
I'm going to make the background color to be the brown full brown ok and I'm going to make descaler
to be white.
So let's see that.
What is this.
Is this a background color or whatever so we'll just wait for this later on.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now so you can see this is published.
OK.
Now what I have to do I have just come here and I have to copy this copy this code right now from here.
Well Robert Rubin what is open.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to capias copy.
Come gum.
Come on.
And so here and this is the products page that is the page that we have created our self and we are
going to design it so I'm just going to open this up right now.
And here I am going to you working up with I'm going to add a code here basically.
OK.
Let me show you how this is going to work and how can you then edit it completely.
So this is loading.
We have to wait for some time.
And you guys just are going to be shocked.
OK you guys are going to be like oh my Or this is so amazing.
I'm just going to add a full row here and then I'm going to add a code.
So in the code I'm going to add this chord.
OK let's add this and let's paste it and you can see that it should be here.
So we have to wait for some time.
So this is done MMD you can see how this is look.
So this is looking like this showing one of three results the fold starting show.
Bert Bates you can see how this is looking if pring memos here the image is increasing and this is what
it is looking at.
We have ADD to card are done as well.
So you can see how everything is looking and it is looking pretty well.
We have also the pagination right here.
OK.
And it is also showing the products right here.
So we have.
The default that this one that says I'm disordering.
And then we have the short default per page so you can select how many you want to show.
So let's just save it right now and let's just open this page up so if we just go to seven Kambli that
will be course dot com slash shop then it's going to redirect us to the products page.
OK.
So this is because of this that we have the settings in here that if someone goes here then we have
this.
This is how our shop page is looking.
OK we have showing one of 12:23 results and we have the fault sure Burbidge So I'm just going to select
15 to 15 products per page right now.
OK.
This is how it is working.
So this is very you can select it to be like default a show all products per page and it's going to
show all the products so you can see every product is being shown this is how it works.
And if I choose default then it's going to show the 12 products I think or the 16.
Then if you go to the page 2 then you can see that it's going to take us to page two.
And this is how it is working so we have the order by as well that how you want the sorting to be.
So this is our ad breaks and everything looks pretty Velle I think and this is diesen date.
At least the previous version of the show page that we were using.
I know it looks super awesome guys this looks so great.
OK so now we have to work with this burden right here you can see this is right here.
This does not look good.
So what I'm going to do right now I am just going to go to this right here.
I'm going to go down and take the burden.
I want to change this to be the brown.
So I see this to be Brown as well.
And
this is the whole vernacular.
OK.
So if I bring my mouse here OK this should be OK.
This should be brown.
This should be read here.
This is a background color.
This is the background color you can see.
So I'm on the background color to be brown.
OK.
And I want the actual color to be right.
And if someone hovers over it OK then if someone hovers over there then the background covert color
will be basically it will turn to white.
The background color is going to be black.
OK.
So this is our work.
OK we have this and I'm going to change the foreign tapes to be 17 pixel.
OK let's just go ahead and let's update our beat and now let's come here and let's refresh this so I'm
just going to go to this default product space so you can see this is how my product page will be.
I can see how this is looking OK we have a totally up and running add two card Britain.
Ok this is how it is looking.
Everything works pretty well and the whole effect is also working.
OK so you can just go with a fun family.
I'm just going to go with open sounds and the font size so you can just choose it to be 11 pixels if
you need it to be shorter.
And then you get to go ahead and let's hit this date.
So let's get here and let's just for the first test and test it out.
So basically you're going to test at how it is looking.
So we have this raid here.
This right here this right here this is how the two card Britain is looking OK.
And everything is looking pretty well here.
So instead of this at two card button I just want to bring the read more button.
OK.
I'm just going to drag it down below here.
The product price.
And here I'm going to just delete this add to card.
Let's just come here and let's just make the changes so for this I need the background color to be brown.
OK.
And this should be white.
I'm going to come here and on the Hoover.
I need the background color to be brown and I need this to be this and this should be by
so how this will work is that it will take them to the product page not it will directly add to the
cart.
So let's just delete it and you can see this is how it is.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit the rate now and let's just come here and let's refresh
this page to test that how it's going to look.
So you can see this is how it is looking we have the buy now button and if someone clicks here you can
see he's directly redirected to that and we are also not showing that arrow there.
So you can see how this is looking this is looking pretty cool pretty well pretty awesome.
Ok if you just go back to the shop again OK.
And then you can see how that is looking.
So this is the normal button.
OK.
I'm just going to change the color of that on Hoover.
I'm just going to make sure that if someone brings his mouse then the colors should be turned to black.
OK.
So let's come here and let's just go ahead and let's it a.
So I hope that you guys do know about the whole witing effect.
That how it works.
OK.
So this is our shop basically.
If I bring them out here you can see that the color is changing.
And this works pretty well.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to make sure that it is 11 pixels.
OK.
So I want to make it a bit shorter.
So let's go from here and let's just for this.
So here now you can see this is now a bit smaller and it looks pretty cool.
OK.
So we have so much things that we can bring in we can bring in the Autour the product table the product
image product price product EXOR product content category product dogs to S.K. you start Carneades stock
status read more button and the line break.
So this is what you can bring.
I think I should also bring a line break here.
So this should be like it would give more spacing here and indeed there is no spacing.
So I just want to add the line break.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit a beat right now and let's see if there is some spacing
down below.
So let's wait till this is done.
Ok now I'm going to go ahead I'm going to rephrase dissipates so let's see how much spacing we have.
So this is just like this.
OK.
We have this is how the line break is we have every line break here and this is how this worked.
And so you can have it if you want to.
OK.
But I will be just from doing it because it doesn't look good.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I am going to just
OK let's come here and let's just sit up date and let's just read first so you can see how this is looking
OK.
What I want to do right now more in that is the
product displayed Burpy.
So this is showing twelth products Burpy so you can see only we have 12 products so you can just control
that how many products you want to show here.
OK so this is how you can work with it.
Now what I want to do right now is that I need to show a sidebar.
OK.
That is important because I want my site to look amazing.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here and I'm going to make it's just like this
just like this.
OK.
So we have this is turned to like this.
And here we can add the sidebar.
So I'm just going to add new module.
And here I'm going to search for sidebar.
OK.
This is right here.
And here you can either bring your sidebar here or you can bring his side right there.
So it totally depends.
I think I'll just remove it from here.
Well just remove it and let's change this size to be like it should be here.
The big board should be here.
Let's just bring it to here.
And the sidebar should be here.
So I just wanted the say bird to be on the left side not in the right right.
Because mostly e-commerce sites do have the sidebar on the left side so I'm just going to grab the sidebar
right now.
OK.
Just go to sidebar so the sidebar will be here.
You can see how this is looking so cool guys so amazing.
OK.
We have the background image so if you want to add a background.
We have the content so you can select which side bar you want here.
I just want us to like the site better than all that type of body that we have.
OK.
I'm going to go to design right now and we have the layout.
So show borders praetor.
I'm is going to remove it.
I don't want to show the water separator and the orientation is left.
We have the facts straight here.
The title text the body takes the sizing the spacing the border and everything so I didn't think so
if you need to just style or sidebar a bit and everything looks pretty cool.
OK.
What I wanted to add above here I just want to add a thing that says Welcome to our shop or a call to
action.
OK.
So what I'm going to do for Dad I am just going to come here and I'm going out in U.S. So this will
be a full.
It will get hotter.
So this is the fourth hattery that I have added.
And I just need an image so the image is going to tell me that what he is so I need the image you are
out and the header image you can be anything.
So I just want them.
This one was it was that I wanted this one and this is right here now OK I don't want to add this here.
I just want to add it in the background section OK.
Let's just come here.
Let's just click this and let's just add anything.
So I want to add it I want to just say this and this will be right here.
You can see how this is looking.
I just want to come here to text right now and I'm going to hit the wall come to our shop.
OK.
This is right here.
Now here I would just want to grab this right above.
So it should be above their OK.
This is like this.
I just wanna create this Fitbit not like this.
OK let's just come here and let's just basically click this guy right here.
I want to go to design.
I want to go to the speccing spacing.
OK.
And let's give the padding from the top and the bottom.
So from the top 25 so pixel the 25.
Just go with 500 500 goes.
Very big.
So I need I think 250 or just 200
150 150 looks kind of cool.
And the bottom I need 150 those looks amazing this looks so cool.
OK.
What I want to do right now I want to go to disarrayed here and in the background I can also add an
overlay if I want to.
So I'm just going to come here.
OK.
And I want to click this guy right here and the first color that I want is is that it should be the
brown color ok should be brown and they should be proud to.
And now here I need to place Creedon above the image.
So this is right here.
OK.
What I want to do I want to just come here.
I wanted to create this disarray here.
I want to decrease this.
Phil
so you can see how it is looking OK we have a Bactrim desists like are coming.
So this is it looking like that OK.
I wanted a green direction so I can change the direction to be any where I want to.
OK.
And then we have this start position and the end position here is well OK.
And this is like this.
This is coming so I'm just going to go to the title X and I want to design this I want to align this
to center.
I want you to layout text and little orientation should be a center center.
And scroll down icon shows growled out.
See if someone clicks Harry can see he'll be taken down below so you can also show it.
OK.
Just want to show this one.
This one this one or just go with this one.
OK.
Scroll down icon color should be brown.
Now Gray I want to increase this.
Scroll down icon size should be a little bit smaller.
OK let's just basically come here and keep it more transparent like this.
OK.
So this is ogles looking.
I want to go to the text and the text color is going to be late.
I need to go with the title text and I want to just increase the size of it.
So this is Otis looking like.
So he's welcome to our shop.
I can do some thing that is I can make it full.
Bigger Welcome to our shop where I can just do it like this.
Welcome to our shop.
I think it looks good.
I can make it Telic and it looks super sexy.
So you can see how it is looking.
We have everything up and running.
I want to go to this fun so I just want to change the font of this so I want to change to be open sense
or just use any is your telescope.
I want this to be bold.
I just used a regular Welcome to our shop.
So this is how it is looking at him.
It's welcome to his shop.
And we have these products right here coming totally amazing.
And we have the page anation as well so you can see how it is looking.
Welcome to our shop is totally up and running.
So you can see that now we have designed our page.
This is our pages looking at our page looks pretty cool.
OK.
You can see everything looks amazing.
And we have designed our product but here we have to add the sidebar you already know about it.
I'm going to show you if you do.
I'm going to show you everything to make it look much professional and better.
OK.
And then we're going to move forward.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to open this up.
Great.
Now let's see how our product page looks like.
So you can see this is how it is looking.
If I just click here it's going to take me down.
OK.
It looks super awesome and super cool.
So here we're going to be working over the site.
And I'm also going to show you that how can you design this home page.
OK.
Because I want to make sure that you guys learn everything and you guys do not have so much confusion
so I'll show you how can you design the same exact page.
OK.
The Fed stuff.
So because so that you don't have any confusions that on editing this page because you have to edit
it.
I know.
And there can be some confusion.
Do you guys so I will show you how can you just edit this page.
So in the next video I'll be showing you that.
So stay tuned guys and you can see that we're totally on the shop page.
We'll also be working over the sidebar and I'm in love with the shop page you guys can see that the
normal shop page was not awesome.
This shop page looks super cool.
OK.
So stadium guys and in the next video will be working at that.
Goodbye.